## Difference between git push, git pull, and git fetch

`git fetch` tells your local branch that there are changes in the remote repository without downloading the changes into your local branch. Tracking branches are local branches that have a direct relationship to a remote branch. `git fetch` checks your local branch for tracking branches and if they are present, it updates them with changes from the remote repository. It does not change your local branch. If you want to download changes into your local branch, run `git merge origin/master` for the "master" branch to merge changes into your local branch.

`git pull` brings changes to your local branch from the remote repository. Use `git pull` to fetch and download changes from the remote repository and update your local repository with the changes. `git pull` first executes `git fetch` and then `git merge` under the hood. If you want to see the changes that you are merging into your branch, run `git fetch` followed by `git merge`.

`git push` sends changes from your local branch to the remote repository. It checks whether there is a tracking branch for a remote repository in your current branch. If there is a tracking branch, it sends the changes from your tracking branch to the remote branch. You share code with the remote repository by making the remote branch resemble your local branch. 
`git push` fails if your remote branch has diverged from your local branch - if all commits in the remote branch are not in your local branch. To resolve this, synchronize your local branch with the remote branch with `git pull` or run `git fetch` and then `git merge`.
